Add docs explaining generated code and its API (#39)
grpc/grpc-swift-protobuf: Sources/GRPCProtobuf/Documentation.docc/Articles/API-stability-of-generated-code.md

package. You must therefore ensure that downstream users of your package aren't
impacted by the options you use when generating code.

By default code is generated at the `internal` access level and therefore not
part of the public API. You must explicitly opt in to generating code at the
`public` access level. If you do this then you must be aware that changing what
is generated (clients, servers) affects the public API, as does the access level
of the generated code.

If you need to validate whether your API has changed you can use tools like
Swift Package Manager's API breakage diagnostic (`swift package
diagnose-api-breaking-changes`.) In general you should prefer providing users
with the service's `.proto` file so that they can generate clients, or provide a
library which wraps the client to hide the API of the generated code.

## The code generator

The gRPC Swift maintainers may need to evolve the generated code over time. This
will be done in a source-compatible way.

If APIs are no longer suitable then they may be deprecated in favour of new
ones. Existing API will never be removed and deprecated APIs will continue to

> function.

Reviewer: Maybe this is obvious, but should we clarify that "never" means "unless we tag a new major"?

Author: Good idea, I think that's worth stating.

> ones. Existing API will never be removed and deprecated APIs will continue to
> function.

Author: ```suggestion
ones. Within a major version of the package existing API won't be removed
and deprecated APIs will continue to function.
```
